hello everyone is a video of lego
Well, I'll introduce you to a little
part of my legals not all of a sudden
but here we go we'll start with the
fire station after I had a
stream I'm left this to have the
truck there that claude likewise the
car with a boyfriend with a
little cat to prove himself
after bach of a car but that's it
that will be this in four and one after
baby injured
baba where we can have coffee at
bark after we have the department store
so I'm going to show you the third
floor and we can open the second
floor with such a heavy and will remain a
little restaurant it is and the store
of clothes with the small cabin and basel
ditto with a bandit who just beats
what he does he wants to point out here and there
so turns the little mannequins
we can see and a small house
so the third floor with the little
garden behind the second age
well there is work and the first
floor on the ground floor
for those who prefer low the small
living room the living room is one with
the staircase that goes up and that the little
garden but or not and go it looks pretty
decor and that's it for the city ​​I want
show that there will be a sequel but that
will be for later
so here's touba a little
martine may legal which ben to a
next time I'm going to show you a
other part of butts down to later